Things cannibals think about while dining.
Things dogs are actually saying when they bark.
Things grown-ups wish they could still do.
Things you should never put in your mouth.
Things not to do in a hospital.
Things not to do while driving.
Things not to tell your mother.
Things paramedics shouldn't say to a patient on the way to the hospital.
Things people do when no one is looking.
Things that are good.
Things that are harder than they look.
Things that are your favorite foods.
Things that confirm your house is haunted.
Things that confirm your life is going downhill.
Things that shouldn't be passed from one generation to the next.
Things that smell terrible.
Things that you shouldn't do in public.
Things that you shouldn't throw off of a building.
Things that your parents would kill you for.
Things that would be fun to do in an elevator.
Things you wouldn't want to be allergic to.
Things you do to stay warm.
Things you don't want to find in your bed.
Things you return from your Christmas gifts...
Things you should never put in your mouth.
Things you shouldn't attempt to juggle.
Things you shouldn't play catch with.
Things you shouldn't say to your in-laws.
Things you shouldn't say when walking out of the bathroom.
Things you would ask a psychic.
Things you would rather forget.
Things you would rather put off till tomorrow.
Things you wouldn't do for a million dollars.
Things your parents forgot to tell you.
Things you'll do when you retire.
Things that give you a headache.
Things you shouldn't do in front of a crowd.
Things children shouldn't know.
Things a gentleman shouldn't do.
Things women know more about than men.
Things you shouldn't give as a gift.
Things you shouldn't do at the dinner table.
Things you would consider strange to include on a resume.
Things there should be an award for.
Things people do when no one is looking.
Things that would make ballet more exciting.
Things men know more about then women.
Things you notice about yourself as you get older.
Things you would line up to see.
Things a chicken thinks about when the farmer picks up the eggs.
Things you wish grew on trees.
Things you shouldn't say to you dentist.
Things that shouldn't go into a time capsule.
Things kids know more about than adults.
Things you shouldn't do in a car.
Things that seem to take an eternity.
Things fire men do between fires.
Things that shouldn't be lumpy.
Things fish think about as they swim in their aquarium.
Things you could use as an excuse on judgment day.
Things that would make golf more exciting.
Things that are wild.
Things you wish you could do with your feet.
Things you wish worked by remote control.
Things that confirm you still haven't grown up.
Things that would make school more exciting.
Things you shouldn't say to get out of a speeding ticket.
Things you shouldn't advertise on a billboard.
Things in the ocean that humanity hasn't discovered yet.
Things you are bad at.